Add note to macOS MDM setup about failures during Setup Assistant (#30897)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/macos-mdm-setup.md

## Simple Certificate Enrollment Protocol (SCEP)

Fleet uses SCEP certificates (1 year expiry) to authenticate the requests hosts make to Fleet. Fleet
renews each host's SCEP certificates automatically every 180 days.

> ## Automatic Enrollment Failures

Reviewer: I think this sounds less scary:
```suggestion
## Troubleshooting failed enrollments
```

> If your Fleet instance is down for maintenance when a host attempts to automatically enroll during
> the Setup Assistant process, this may result in a failed enrollment. Alternatively, if a host powers
> down  due to user actions or a low battery during Setup Assistant this may also result in a failed
> enrollment. In these instances hosts exhibit a variety of behaviors based on the exact timing of the
> failure but commonly will attempt to restart the macOS Setup Assistant and display "Welcome to Mac"
> after the user next reboots the host. When this occurs the best course of action is to Wipe the host via
> Fleet if the host has network connectivity or reinstall macOS from Recovery.

Reviewer: Some minor suggestions to cut down on words:
```suggestion
If your Fleet instance is down for maintenance when a host attempts to automatically enroll during the Setup Assistant process, this may result in a failed enrollment. Alternatively, if a host powers down  due to user actions or a low battery during Setup Assistant this may also result in a failed enrollment. In these instances, hosts commonly will attempt to restart the macOS Setup Assistant and display "Welcome to Mac" after the user next reboots the host. In this case, the best course of action is to wipe the host via Fleet if the host has network connectivity, or reinstall macOS from Recovery.
```

> If your Fleet instance is down for maintenance when a host attempts to automatically enroll during
> the Setup Assistant process, this may result in a failed enrollment. Alternatively, if a host powers
> down  due to user actions or a low battery during Setup Assistant this may also result in a failed
> enrollment. In these instances hosts exhibit a variety of behaviors based on the exact timing of the
> failure but commonly will attempt to restart the macOS Setup Assistant and display "Welcome to Mac"
> after the user next reboots the host. When this occurs the best course of action is to Wipe the host via
> Fleet if the host has network connectivity or reinstall macOS from Recovery.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a host is turned off due to user action or a low battery during the Setup Assistant, it may fail to enroll. This can also happen if your Fleet instance is down for maintenance when a host tries to enroll automatically during the Setup Assistant. In these cases, hosts usually restart after the user attempts to get past the “Welcome to Mac" screen. The best practice in this situation is to wipe the host with Fleet if it has network connectivity or to [reinstall macOS from Recovery](https://support.apple.com/en-us/102655).
```

@JordanMontgomery @rachaelshaw I would suggest to first tell the use case we ran into (turning off the host during Setup Assistant, and then the next reason we know off which is less likely to happen). Also I changed wording slightly to explain what end user experiences and how to solve the issue + I linked to Apple docs on how to reinstall macOS from Recovery.

Author: @marko-lisica I like this wording if @rachaelshaw is OK with it. I do think it's probably best to list that poweroff usecase first as that is the one we've seen the most problems with
